Bug: Fix convert_dtypes not preserving timezone details for ArrowDtype (#60952)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.update` bool dtype being converted to object (:issue:`55509`)
- Bug in :meth:`Series.astype` might modify read-only array inplace when casting to a string dtype (:issue:`57212`)
- Bug in :meth:`Series.reindex` not maintaining ``float32`` type when a ``reindex`` introduces a missing value (:issue:`45857`)

> - Bug in :meth:`convert_dtypes` not preserving timezone details for ArrowDtype in Series and DataFrame (:issue:`60237`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`Series.convert_dtypes` and :meth:`DataFrame.convert_dtypes` removing timezone information for objects with :class:`ArrowDtype` (:issue:`60237`)
```
